
Spec: DarkMail, March 2015.pdf

Line based protocol
Page 83 - all messages consist of ASCII chars with the high order bit cleared.  
ie: all msgs are between values of 0x01 and 0x7F.

Page 83: read must continue until a line terminator (return char) before evaluating
the contents of a line (command ver + data).

Page 83: Lines up to 512 octets are supported

Page 83: Line terminator is <LF> or 0x0A

Page 83: Server may consider the combination <CR><LF> the same as a terminator

Therefore: <LF> or 0x0A is always treated as a line terminator.
           <CR><LF> or 0x0D 0x0A is always treated as a line terminator.
           <CR> or 0x0D any where else is invalid

Page 84: Cmds are uppercase.

Page 84: Cmd syntx is:
           COMMAND KEY=<value>

Page : Once a connection has been secured using the STARTTLS command a host ...
must reset all state information for the connection. This includes discarding the 
hostname values provided as parameters to the HELO or EHLO commands. 

If a consumer is proceeding with the connection in SMTP mode then it must issue 
the HELO or EHLO command before attempting to transfer a message.

Page 93: A server must not intentionally choose to unilaterally terminate a DMTP 
connection under normal operating conditions unless a consumer has exceeded the 
configured timeout, or is in the process of shutting down. Specifically, servers 
must not terminate DMTP connections in response to an unknown command, because 
of syntax violations, or because a command was sent out of order.

Page 94: The following commands must always be available to consumers regardless 
of the protocol mode or connection state: HELO, EHLO, MODE, RSET, NOOP, HELP, 
VERB, and QUIT. This includes a connection to a dual protocol host that has not
been elevated into DMTP mode.

Page 101: Messages that are accepted after the DATA command are QUEUED FOR DELIVERY.

Page 101: DATA command is required to maintain a recent cache of hashed msg content
in order to respond with an appropriate error code when duplicate msg sends have 
been detected!

Page 102: Info on how signet's are queried and relayed to the dmtp client after a
SGNT command has been recv'd.

Page 102: International char support in the domain name could result in a suggested
list of alternative international chars that exist for the queried signet!!

Q: When in a TLS session, will the RSET command kick us out of the TLS session?

Q: If not, is there a way to cancel the DMTP/TLS session?  Page 103 suggests that 
if a SIGNET request is temporarily unavailable, the client is to proceed by trying
to send the message via SMTP.  Does this action happen during the current client/
server connection (thereby requiring a different TLS connection) or quitting the 
session, then re-establishing a new connection in order to send via SMTP?

